fixed nested tabs orientations (#2469)
iTwin/iTwinUI: .changeset/violet-toys-hammer.md

> ---
> '@itwin/itwinui-css': patch
> ---
> 
> Fixed `iui-tabs-wrapper` bug where orientation related styles of nested tabs were sometimes incorrect.

Reviewer: Since a new data attribute is now required, this is no longer a `patch` change. It's a breaking change for the CSS package.

````suggestion
---
'@itwin/itwinui-css': major
---

`.iui-tabs` now requires setting a new `data-iui-orientation` attribute. This change helps support nested tabs correctly.

```diff
 <div
   class='iui-tabs iui-default'
+  data-iui-orientation='horizontal' // or 'vertical'
```
````

Author: Noted, will keep this in mind moving forward as well. Changes applied.

> Fixed incorrect orientation of nested `Tabs` components by specifying styling only for direct children of relevant `Tabs` subcomponents.

Author: Got it, makes sense. Changes made.
